Gwenevere Abriel: Cindy Russell, Tony.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello. Happy Father's Day.
Cynthia We: Happy Father's Day to you.
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's hear it. What kind of a wicked. He had
Cynthia We: I'm a pretty good productive.
Cynthia We: As I met with Helga
Cynthia We: And I met with her a couple weeks ago. And so I'm still working on the edits from when we met last time.
Cynthia We: And, uh,
Cynthia We: But we just had a a social meeting. So that was nice because I like
Cynthia We: And then taken through up in my car after break dancing class on Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: For just over exertion. You think
Cynthia We: No, I think he has a stomach flu.
Cynthia We: It was so much stuff and he tried to open the door and it's locked. You know, the back doors lack
Cynthia We: We were almost home, but he tried to like he tried to get out and he tried to do it. So it went all over the door and you know like in all the little holes this female. Yeah, it's really bad. My car smells like moment. It's really I've cleaned it three times.
Cynthia We: It's an every crevice
Cynthia We: It's so gross. And it reminded me
Cynthia We: Of when they were little, and that should happen all the time. You know, like I'm grateful that I haven't had to clean up a mess like that a long time.
Cynthia We: Um, and it also reminded me of a college when my my roommates and I were taking the dogs to get a flea dip. For some reason, we had to go to Tom's over to do it and I'm
Cynthia We: The dog was sitting on my roommates Sandy's lap. It wasn't these weren't her dogs. They were West West and my dog. Um, but for some reasons by five years. I'm seeing these lap and poop.
Cynthia We: And then stepped in it.
Cynthia We: Was
Cynthia We: Everywhere. It was in every crevice in my car and poor Sandy was just like
Cynthia We: Like it smelled so bad. And then, you know, I took it to the carwash and they were like, what, it got on the seat belt.
Cynthia We: The belt rolled up
Gwenevere Abriel: What a what a mess, but
Cynthia We: Yeah, that's what it reminded me of. So that was pretty funny.
Cynthia We: That it has not been working on.
Gwenevere Abriel: It. Are you liking or not liking that.
Cynthia We: Um, he is very miserable. So I would prefer that he goes to work so so you're not, you know, it's not so visible.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well let's let's get into it. Um. Want me to kind of take a look at
Gwenevere Abriel: That texts that came pretty quickly after we had met
Cynthia We: Oh, I don't even remember why don't we do that, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: You had it. I checked in on you. On February 20 you said you were heading to the gym you're staying with you.
Cynthia We: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, before that we have. Alright, so we I check in with you on the 18th at about 810 your time 610 I send those emojis and use Liam's not coming brakes are going to be a grand
Gwenevere Abriel: Boat. Oh, should Scott come. Oh, you asked about. Okay, so that's fine. So we're just the one where you were in distress. I'm trying
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Cynthia We: I was a couple weeks ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, um, Yes, I remember. There we go, that's what we did. We did a lot of that we did this em, Dr. It really sort of zero in on there.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you notice following that intervention.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you notice
Cynthia We: I wrote for a couple hours after that.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I wrote, um,
Cynthia We: I wrote this whole thing about
Cynthia We: The shame thing. I don't think I've ever
Cynthia We: I don't think anybody has ever identified that that's what I was having like I've been in therapy for years and years and years and years. And I don't like the one couples counselor noticed that
Gwenevere Abriel: She talked about the
Cynthia We: World.
Cynthia We: Yeah, she talked about the spiral. But, you know, it was like, it's up to your individual therapists work with that work with you, Matt. Um,
Cynthia We: I really, I really
Cynthia We: I really am cognizant of it and I
Cynthia We: Appreciate that. Because I think that that is like the root of
Cynthia We: Why I seem to get nowhere. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. So let's not let go of it, you, you, you're, you're, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Not on upset about it existing which could have been station, because normally you'd be ashamed about having the shame.
Cynthia We: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Totally
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a layer off like it's right. So we're onto something. Why don't we just keep the momentum going.
Cynthia We: Yes. That's great. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Then let me turn
Gwenevere Abriel: This these iterations are all typed out in front of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's very, very long, but I want to bring my eyes down to sort of the last couple. So we've got after this 10th iteration solution will always be to go to a meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, remember, yep.
Cynthia We: I remember what this week to yeah deal with feeling stressed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you go, or did it. Did you just get
Cynthia We: Out, but I thought about it.
Okay.
Cynthia We: Well, this is more than I've done in years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. So, but what that is is
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a I won't suffer alone notion that accompanies that distress.
Cynthia We: Oh my goodness, I'm so sorry. I've got this
Cynthia We: Way and I'm trying to bring you back, sorry, I'm sorry. So I won't suffer alone. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're right you're starting to remember things which says to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That when the distress gets activated, it's not getting up so high that the rest of your brains, not working. So what's saying to me, is your stress level isn't getting quite as high.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're able to access memory able to remember something else to do. And, you know, so far I've heard sort of this appreciation that we're getting somewhere with our, our current investigation.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's cool.
Cynthia We: That's very good.
Cynthia We: So let's give it a go reciting
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. So let's let's keep this keep this. Let me just see if I can bring us back to where we left off.
Gwenevere Abriel: So after the realization. I can go to a meeting, I gotta remember i can i can go there somewhere. I can go to feel connected
Gwenevere Abriel: To people that I, I will not be judged by there will be understanding and people who get me friends that I haven't seen in a long time. When I see them I'm reminded about a camaraderie.
Gwenevere Abriel: They, they know my dark secrets and they don't think I'm a bad person. They totally get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't act like they don't act like themselves with was it they don't act like themselves either right when they use that is separate from who they are as a person to remember this week, being able to see
Gwenevere Abriel: an addict does these things, right, that are different than who I am. Okay. But that's an important piece for a lot of people got you've got that one and
Gwenevere Abriel: Then we got invited awareness of worse piece okay imagery friends and I'm MK 11th integration, it is important that they are separate things. There we go. That same the addict voice versus the authentic voice. It's important that they are separate things.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't make me about person just because I did things when I was using. They are two separate entities.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Very nice. Let's go, let's do more of that. Let me just make sure our you're on a laptop. Yes, good, good, good, good, good, fantastic. And let's get I kicked
Cynthia We: Take it out of the bedroom next door. Well, I actually asked him if he could put some music on because I didn't want him listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you
Cynthia We: Go to the living room. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, see you protected your environment, you did some preparation, so that you don't have anything to get as a distraction. That was smart, smart. All right, I'm just
Look at this little thing here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm pretty sure
Yeah, we'll leave it there. All right, let me go back in
Gwenevere Abriel: And see where we started, we started with.
Okay. After 40
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So you started with negative brought in positive
Gwenevere Abriel: You were easily distracted by Scott making noise outside of the door. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I want to do something else with you today. I mean the same intervention, but try this on Sunday. See if you can find an earlier time
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you've said them in here before when
Gwenevere Abriel: Concepts of I'm not good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have come up. But, see if you can find one in your family of origin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try to find an early age of that early imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard about 37 we address the substance use piece. Let's see if we can go a little further back.
Cynthia We: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: We got one.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: What age are you
Cynthia We: I'm maybe eight
Gwenevere Abriel: And what, what did you just picture just now.
Um,
Cynthia We: We were on a boat, like a riverboat
Cynthia We: For some reason, celebrating something
Cynthia We: With the people. My dad worked with
Cynthia We: Grandma and Grandpa, because my grandma worked for the company and I'm
Cynthia We: Somebody had made fun of Uncle Jerry's driving the boat, like they said something like, where'd you get your license in a cracker jack box. And I just thought it was the funniest thing. And so I kept repeating it because you know like eight year old seven year olds don't don't have any
Cynthia We: Oh, right, yeah. I'm explaining, sorry.
Cynthia We: Catch. Yes. Okay. I see low I see other kids doing that. And I understand that this is a normal thing for that age, but time I can
Gwenevere Abriel: So I kept joking.
Cynthia We: I kept joking. I kept pushing. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are having fun. We're
Cynthia We: Having fun. I was totally loving the fact that the adults were laughing at something that I said
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you wait. When did Jerry's Facebook life when Can he hear you.
Cynthia We: Yeah, he was laughing He thought it was a he thought it was very. They all thought it was very funny that I said because I said the same thing, I repeated the adult, I guess. Okay. Um, but that was funnier to them. Then when my, I think my dad said it originally and I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Starting to slow down. Cindy, slow, slow way down, take a breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was having fun.
Cynthia We: Totally. Yes, I was having fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was repeating something adults said
Gwenevere Abriel: I registered on my uncle's face. We were all having fun, just be there with a little longer before you leave just stay there with it's in you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was that real was that did that part really yeah okay
Cynthia We: And then what and then my mom.
Cynthia We: Video is my mom. I don't even remember who it was.
Cynthia We: Okay. One of them said, Cynthia a na
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you
And
Cynthia We: She said that
Cynthia We: Was in front of everybody.
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: And I, I felt like, oh,
Cynthia We: How could I not know that it wasn't appropriate for me to say that
Cynthia We: You know, to repeat that and
And and
Cynthia We: I don't know if it was at that boy or later basically was right that and that she told me that it's not appropriate for a child to be talking to an adult in that manner.
Cynthia We: And and
Cynthia We: It's not, it's not okay for a child, talk to an adult or to joke with an adult like that, or to talk to an adult like that. And, um, it was in front of everybody and I just felt deflated and horrified and embarrassed and
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: Like, I should have known.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on. Before you go there. Do you know that you said earlier, how could I
Gwenevere Abriel: Have known
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, he said that earlier. How could I have known.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said it here just so
Cynthia We: I have known. Yeah, okay, good. I
Cynthia We: Won't I there's no way I could have known.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right.
Cynthia We: What I expected myself to know and I was I was embarrassed that I didn't know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, so stop. This is really rich just let it sit there. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was paying attention to Jerry's face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Do you remember that.
Cynthia We: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: We sat there.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's lingered in it. I was using my senses. I saw him, smiling and you heard people laughing
Gwenevere Abriel: You were using your senses, your social skills.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was you were being reinforced for doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mother humiliated, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Father, mother, you're remembering it as mother, which will just right.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's one thing to be redirected
Gwenevere Abriel: In private
Gwenevere Abriel: It's another
Gwenevere Abriel: In public
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't use the word humiliation, you put embarrassed.
But
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but the humiliation. Right. That's from outside.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you
Gwenevere Abriel: thought there was something wrong with you instead of this was inappropriate. You did it. You can't control these big people out here. Mom, did this thing she humiliated you and you turn to you saying I did something wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's why we went slow in the beginning, Cindy.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone else
Gwenevere Abriel: got irritated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Jealous annoyed embarrassed, Mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: dumped her stuff on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. He could have said.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am annoyed with the 50th time you've cracked that same joke. It was five minutes ago. I'm get some new material Cindy Lou who
Gwenevere Abriel: Come over here, sleepy. Basically we find it funny for about the first three times. It's super cute because an eight year old did it, but it'll end up being just like, you know, that's all played out girl so she could have handled it in a different way and taught you.
Gwenevere Abriel: To keep your eye on people's faces like look at mine. I'm your mom. Notice how I was laughing before. Now I'm not laughing because things are only funny for a little while when the novelty of the irony of a little kid getting sarcasm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that edginess of being able to make fun of a respected adult is now it's now played out. But this is a new moment. This was a a teaching moment for your mom. Yeah, she didn't teach you. She humiliated, you
Gwenevere Abriel: She could have done it differently.
Cynthia We: Yeah, totally. You're totally right.
Cynthia We: I'm worried that I I would repeat that and cause such trauma in my own
Gwenevere Abriel: We could spend our whole time distracting about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really ashamed about it if you want to swim in that for an hour.
Cynthia We: Demo. I don't really want to swim in it. I just
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't think so. So
Gwenevere Abriel: My point is, you found one.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is an early conditioned habit of when you see your reality you we were using reality you're paying you know you're doing your thing going outside.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it basically said you're the problem or how you interpreted it was. You're the problem you're the problem. That's the only thing you can control issue and I'm to blame. I'm flawed and broken I'm fallible, and you go there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it isn't one or the other all the time. It moves and changes and it's nuanced and you didn't know when enough was this is a really new social moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is five times too much, maybe with a different audience twice would have been too much, but four times five times six times that was about when they started maybe to getting a little, like, oh, a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. But how are we supposed to know when enough is we were reinforced for maybe I'll get more if I keep doing and I'll get more it's fun and having fun with adults.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was nothing wrong with what you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's go back, let's work with this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how distressing. Just now when you were doing that river boat and that
Gwenevere Abriel: Realization of being deflated embarrassed and horrified. You said yeah what number from zero to 100 without so I get a PUT IN RIGHT PLACE.
Cynthia We: Because
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And back then, what was it,
Oh 9095
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost 100 yeah that's really high, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Not only the approval of your mother for home is right mother and father are these like godlike figures we need them to take care of us feed us there, everything
Gwenevere Abriel: But you had a whole bunch of people around you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were not empowered with what to do not only with what was going on, not knowing what enough was. But what to do with the helplessness that comes from
Gwenevere Abriel: Embarrassment
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, giving you a little phrase that you could play with to play it off so that the price doesn't get so smashed deflated right
Gwenevere Abriel: That was a teaching opportunity and it was missed your parent could have used that as as a learning opportunity for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's go with this one. Okay, see if you go to this eight year old self, and to Cynthia right
Mm hmm. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you believe about yourself at that time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am
Awesome.
Cynthia We: That's funny people like me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a positive one. Did you feel like people like me, I'm awesome when your mom said enough
Whoa.
Cynthia We: No, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what was your belief about yourself. That's the one.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I'm
Cynthia We: An idiot
Cynthia We: I'm stupid.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in your family. You're supposed to know before you've learned
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wrote down I'm awesome. And people like me, but let's play with this idiot and stupid piece a little bit more
Gwenevere Abriel: At the time, and not that shaping moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of, I'm an idiot.
Gwenevere Abriel: In that space of not having learned yet what to do because you're just a little girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Believed about yourself.
Cynthia We: I'm learning.
Cynthia We: Me. Yeah, I can know I know how to be funny, but, um, I haven't learned yet how to
Cynthia We: What
Cynthia We: I haven't learned this social skills.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was a very novel event.
Gwenevere Abriel: No way. You could have known.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's work with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to share the screen with you and
Gwenevere Abriel: The distress level that you're at right now still like around 40 okay if it starts to go up too high, and it's not some where you want to be can just do this and we'll stop or if you want a little bit more. You're liking.
Gwenevere Abriel: The integration and weaving of positive images and thoughts and beliefs, then you can just sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Do this. Okay, I'm remembering right I would never tell you to stop. Hello. Hello. Probably never forget said
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, right. It's not too dissimilar to the story. You just told
Cynthia We: It is, it's not. I don't see the connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I don't have to. That's, that's, I can, I can do the analysis for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to pay attention to what you want in this moment. Okay. Just pay attention to yourself and what you want more, whether you want to stop just pay close attention to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'd like to do is HAS THE THE TEAM OF YEARS OF THE GYM Shaughnessy and Sally and Bob mer, have they changed it all has anything shifted or change. These are still okay these your peeps. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have the sense of feeling stronger and calmer and let's go there. Let's go with that and just
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh hey yeah Jim's chuckle pull it right
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull it in
Gwenevere Abriel: A good time for that. CHUCKLE Cindy is a really good timing bringing up
Gwenevere Abriel: Here it
Gwenevere Abriel: And see his face.
Gwenevere Abriel: This protective quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Sally as nurturing wanting your development and growth and the wisdom of lived experience and knowledge of your writing teacher Bob
Gwenevere Abriel: Have them interacting
Gwenevere Abriel: What my bobby saying to Sally, or to Jim
Gwenevere Abriel: How might they be
Gwenevere Abriel: Available to you at all times. Still interacting with each other and interacting
Gwenevere Abriel: With you available as a resource.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold that in your working memory, which means you're thinking about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I want you to pull up that that picture that you were just describing to me on the riverboat
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: The worst image of that memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And bring in your team be present with both going to slow it down just want it slower.
Gwenevere Abriel: Salary
Gwenevere Abriel: He held together, big belly breath as expanding a balloon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here in the bottom of your lungs. And when you really let it
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: To an end to the self.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see what comes up for you.
Cynthia We: I'm having trouble picturing
Cynthia We: The worst moment with them there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, tell me, what is that
Cynthia We: Most of by having them have a conversation
Gwenevere Abriel: So you were, you were telling me what you did see
Cynthia We: Well, I saw them laughing and talking. They were on the boat with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And what was the emotion you fell when they were laughing and talking with you on the boat.
Cynthia We: I was happy because I
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't go with that we'll go with that. I want you to pull up the worst image of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: deflating embarrassing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: The quality of your team. Laughing
Gwenevere Abriel: He held together through the nose, big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, all the air out nice flat empty long
Gwenevere Abriel: And just be a witness compassionate.
Gwenevere Abriel: witness to what comes up for you.
Um,
Cynthia We: I think that if they were actually there Jim Shaughnessy would say something to my mom.
Even say what
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: Well you protect me like
Cynthia We: Bye.
Cynthia We: Calling her out or
Cynthia We: Redirecting
Cynthia We: Like fixing what what it just happened so that I didn't feel bad. I feel like he would jump in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what he would be doing
Gwenevere Abriel: In the jumping and could you hear his words.
Cynthia We: No, he hasn't said them. Yeah, I was just kind of idea that he he would
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so with that go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: First
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst case of that experience and what you just said.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're ready, just
Let it all go
What's coming up for you.
Cynthia We: He says,
Keith
Cynthia We: Says, whoa, Carla.
Cynthia We: I don't. I thought she was very funny.
Cynthia We: And I
Cynthia We: Think. Maybe we just need to help her with some new material.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, go with that.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst piece of it, Cindy. Pull it up humiliation.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Jim says, Ooh, Carla. I thought she was funny. Just need to help her with some new material.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you.
Cynthia We: Well, he starts working on new material with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, how does that work.
Cynthia We: Yeah, he totally distracts me from the moment and and says, like, can you can you think about some other things that would be funny to say, and I'm of course I can't really come up with anything but
Cynthia We: But I don't have to feel like what I was feeling in a minute ago and focusing on what I can do is a better feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Scale of one to seven. How true is it right now. I'm learning. I'm funny and I'm learning.
I'm
Cynthia We: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll true
Cynthia We: I'm like a like a six. Okay.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: That's real. Oh, hold, hold that I'm learning in your awareness and that worst image okay to believe I'm learning.
Gwenevere Abriel: What were your thoughts.
Cynthia We: He can he's like God on my level.
Cynthia We: crouching down and he's showing me how I can watch people's faces when you say something
Cynthia We: We can see their reaction and how it's kind of subtle.
Cynthia We: That like real laughter is different than
Cynthia We: Pretend laughter
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: That there are a little, little hints to whether it's real or not. And he's teaching you that
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it feel to be learning
Cynthia We: Awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: I go with that. Worst Picture feeling awesome as you're learning
Gwenevere Abriel: The subtle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reactions, in effect, faces being shown
Gwenevere Abriel: What to watch for
Gwenevere Abriel: Belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can share with me what you notice
Cynthia We: Um, well, he
Cynthia We: shows me
Cynthia We: He's like, watch this. And he tells a terrible, knock knock joke.
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: He's like, watch people's faces when I tell this joke and
Cynthia We: Then comes back down and is explaining to me the how I can see the subtle difference in their face and in their reaction, they didn't think that that was funny.
Cynthia We: But they were pretending
Gwenevere Abriel: Can Cynthia see difference between a fake pretend
Cynthia We: Yes. Well, now I can because somebody
Taught me
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with that go with that seeing it, and worst image.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you.
Cynthia We: Well, I feel like
Cynthia We: Really smart. I got something I have like the key to
Cynthia We: I don't know, it's, I have something no other eight year olds has because nobody nobody
Cynthia We: Learns these things until they're much older.
Cynthia We: And Jimmie Johnson just taught me so feel
Cynthia We: Like I'm way ahead and I'm way smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how true is it I'm smart awesome and funny.
Cynthia We: Like us seven. Well, yeah, if I imagined myself back then. I don't really think that now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know how true is it right now. I'm smart, funny and awesome
Cynthia We: Like a degree.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know why it's a three and not a four.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't who might know
Gwenevere Abriel: If not, you
Cynthia We: I'm pretty sure I'm supposed to say Bob, but I think just trying to see what know
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a recollection. In a recent history where you didn't feel smart, funny and awesome trigger
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry.
Cynthia We: Damn.
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: Most of the time.
Cynthia We: All interactions with my husband.
Pick one.
Cynthia We: Okay, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you got one in there.
Cynthia We: Oh, I'm trying to think of a specific one.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Cynthia We: Yes. Okay, I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: On it. Well, now find the most distressing part of that in your imagination, pull it up the zing the sap. The one that hurts the really emotional moment of it. Hold it there. Once you get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up in this is hard work. Cindy pull up Jim may know
Gwenevere Abriel: Why you don't get to feel smart, funny and awesome
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at the light
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can get him to help
In some way
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing thoughts, beliefs,
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: Was kind of questioning why don't I feel smart, but I have all the answers.
Cynthia We: While I don't feel smart why I don't feel that I'm funny.
Cynthia We: And why I don't feel awesome
Gwenevere Abriel: So you do know what
Cynthia We: Well, in this particular instance, I don't know why.
Cynthia We: Well,
Cynthia We: I'm not sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to believe
Gwenevere Abriel: Through ok ok let's let's not have let me keep guiding us. Okay, what's the belief about yourself right now.
Cynthia We: I
Cynthia We: Don't feel very smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you confused. Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who might help you through this confusion of this versus that
Gwenevere Abriel: We can help with confusion.
I'm
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you want to share with me is the confusion, you're not sure about how to interpret something
Gwenevere Abriel: How to logistically analytically.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right deconstruct. Is it a math problem is it
Cynthia We: Yeah, it's, it's a financial situation that we're in and I FEEL LIKE SOMEBODY SMART wouldn't be in the situation.
Cynthia We: That we're in right now, which
Cynthia We: You know, you know what it is. Yeah, but
Gwenevere Abriel: So I guess I'm having trouble maybe Jim knows. Let's go see maybe Jim knows what you're confused about because your therapist doesn't. So don't explain it, because I don't get it. Let's see if Jim can identify it pull up that piece that happened, maybe with Scott and you said you're confused.
Cynthia We: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst part of that experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if Jim
Gwenevere Abriel: Can explain to one of your the confusion.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can, as it comes up, you can share it during the iteration, if it comes up.
What's coming up for you.
Cynthia We: I feel like maybe
Cynthia We: My confusion lies in Scott blaming putting blame on me and
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: Yes, I did spend $20, I guess.
Cynthia We: But, but maybe it's not
Cynthia We: Maybe it's not all my fault. Maybe, maybe, maybe the whole thing isn't all my fault. Maybe I can share this with him and Jenna Shaughnessy jumping in and saying, Boys stop beating yourself up. It's not all your fault.
Cynthia We: You guys are in a situation and both of your fault, but that's okay. Everybody gets into trouble like that and
Cynthia We: Yes, you did spend the $20 on gas, but that doesn't mean that you're a piece of shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: So your confusion.
Cynthia We: My confusion is about him blaming me
Gwenevere Abriel: What you
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't
Gwenevere Abriel: Nation. If I'm Scott, I'm the one doing it to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: asked me a question.
Cynthia We: Whoa, yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're confused.
Cynthia We: I'm the one. Yeah. What is it,
Well, yes.
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: Are you so mad at me.
Cynthia We: Yeah. What the fuck was I supposed to do, but not put gas in my car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of
Cynthia We: That is that very
Gwenevere Abriel: Much. Hang on, hang on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of a tear
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of shame I did something wrong. Instead of that, leading this exchange.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember how it felt.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm learning. Do you remember how it felt to be attuned to really know
Gwenevere Abriel: I can pay attention to the changing subtle needs of my environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Remember that
Cynthia We: We had to go
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh.
Cynthia We: I see that you're upset that I've spent $20 on gas.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and slow.
Why
Cynthia We: What did you
Cynthia We: Have plan for that.
Money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how you feeling okay
Cynthia We: What I want to ask
Gwenevere Abriel: Once we get to do as many reduces you want you back to this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm confused about blame.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, now this is tricky because
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know who's to blame on want to get into analysis. So stay with this are used. Let's take this word blame out. That's an interpretation. Why don't we do this. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to really tune in and I know I'm not Scott, but you can picture his angry face or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention to it attuned to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember I'm learning. I'm paying attention to the cues to the subtle faces and gestures. I'm learning. I'm looking at someone's face and it looks a particular way, doesn't it, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cindy, what are you confused about what are you confused about when you think
Cynthia We: About why he's so angry why he's acting angry when he's just scared. Let me
Say it to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Cynthia We: Used about why you're acting so mad when I know you're just scary.
Cynthia We: Beautiful. Why not just show me that
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I feel you're in a model instead of asking him to do it first. You do it I feel blank. When you do blank right here. You see my face. Go ahead.
Cynthia We: I feel afraid when you act injury.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any confusion about that.
Cynthia We: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, you feel you know your feelings. You're afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I'm angry when I act out angry.
That's real for you.
There's no confusion.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know exactly how you feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cindy, do you like it.
Cynthia We: No, I don't like it at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your interpretation of blaming
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the alien that somehow exists between my angry face and behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're feeling scared, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not blaming you. What do you mean blame gas was needed money is spent in in a civilized culture and society we spend money to buy gas. We don't barter eggs for it. I don't understand. I'm so confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm, how the hell you expect me to get anywhere if I don't put gas in the car.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is another version. It's some other reality that I don't even know if you have access to
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a dude.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you put money in your gas tank.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are responsible for the blame.
Gwenevere Abriel: Blame, blame from childhood.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I put
Cynthia We: Get all my fault, but
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but you understand it's the wrong vocabulary word. It doesn't like it makes city. Here's your therapist gang. Oh, I didn't riled up because it doesn't. The word doesn't make sense. It's literally hitting this like disconnect for me.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I drive. We all know a drive.
Gwenevere Abriel: I put money in the tank.
Gwenevere Abriel: And don't understand your anger Scott WERE YOU NOT EXPECTING ME
Gwenevere Abriel: To keep the tank full were you expecting $5 tell me how this departs from your expectation, but the differences, Cindy. I'm not deflated. I don't default to bad girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're confused because he is sending a mixed message that is crazy, making
Gwenevere Abriel: So you ask you go
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you. Was it your expectation that I just not go anywhere. Kinda sorta or
Cynthia We: Keeping it on my way home from Albuquerque. So I certainly was going somewhere.
I
Gwenevere Abriel: Saw some
Yo,
Cynthia We: I got asked the question is why are you crazy.
Cynthia We: No. Why don't you get some therapy. Why don't talk to a therapist.
Cynthia We: No, no. I think the answer is that
Cynthia We: This doesn't happen so that it's not so distressing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I've got to go run a group but Cindy, listen to me. Yes. Is this what i'm doing over here, all this stuff that I do this other way of communicating with Scott. Does it seem like I'm from another planet. Um,
Cynthia We: No, it seems like you are rational, and that's how adult responds and
Cynthia We: I aspire to respond.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you get your face to match your confusion. You go, Scott, I'm confused because you're acting angry about a $20 thing that goes in gas.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't quite get it. You'll have to help me understand that I'm really the the reaction doesn't seem to match this is we all put gas in the tank.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, just tell me the intensity we expecting. I only keep it at sort of a $5 level throughout the day. I just want to understand. I'm confused about the reaction just it's not making sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm not in shame. My I'm just paying attention to his face.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm like that's that's a confusing face. I want to learn what that thought goes with it. Scott and the logic and I want to understand what you're thinking.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Cindy. Remember when you were eight and you enjoyed learning yeah please hold on to that today you have that
Gwenevere Abriel: It's yours and you can tap into it anytime you want to. There's nothing wrong with asking a question. I don't understand the mismatch. It's, it's just something's not lining up the intensity your, you know, the anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone cuts us off and puts our lives in danger. I get the anger, but
Gwenevere Abriel: What was your expectation for filling up the tank you wanted to do it. You want to wait to the end of the week like let me and just showing the anger. It's very confusing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I gotta go. Okay.
Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you want to reschedule for next Thursday. What do you need to do.
Cynthia We: That would be great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I will see you there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any group to if it's your time.
Cynthia We: Um, yeah, it's not okay.
All right.